The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana beneficiaries from across the country , through video bridge .
implementation of national school safety policy guidelines needs to be monitored at the national level jointly by sarva shiksha abhiyan
the act provides for both the preventive and promotional aspects of rehabilitation like education , employment and vocational training , reservation , research and manpower development , creation of barrier- free environment , rehabilitation of persons with disability , unemployment allowance for the disabled , special insurance scheme for the disabled employees and establishment of homes for persons with severe disability etc .
etiology of disease prevalence
she should be referred to a medical officer .
however , its low ambient temperature density results in a low energy per unit volume , therefore requiring the development of advanced storage methods that have potential for higher energy density .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has condoled the loss of lives due to a fire at Karol Bagh in Delhi .
they need to have plans and resources for obtaining skilled care for the birth and immediate help if problems arise .
the immunizations in the first year and into the second year are especially important .
since breastfeeding helps to fight the illness and is important for the child 's growth , the mother should continue to breastfeed often .
do not worry about your property
all digital resources universally accessible .
the connection shall be issued by the natural gas to the eligible beneficiaries ( after completion of various stages above ) .
and puerperal psychiatric illness .
drain and dry the pond to remove all the weeds and fish fauna remaining in the pond .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 135 kg
Regulatory functions currently being carried out by the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) through the Sector Skill Councils (SSCs) will also be housed in the NCVET .
leaking for more than 24 hours without labour pain
moderate amounts of hair fall out but it is rare to see large bald spots .
To strengthen strategic collaboration , joint research programme and exchanges betweenLakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education , India and University of Tsukuba , Japan
22 . His Royal Highness Crown Prince welcomed Prime Minister’s initiative on Coalition on Disaster Resilient Infrastructure and hailed it as an important step towards disaster management .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is committed to the Mantra of “ Sabka Saath , Sabka Vikas . ”
remedial steps to correct learning
who is a public authority ?
a new syringe must be used for every person being immunized .
· BRICS Space Agencies Forum (Pretoria)
himachal pradesh and kerala
partnerships with non-government organizations and other civil society organizations  :
blood sugar
• Along with the High Speed Rail project , a training institute is also taking shape .
I pay my respectful homage to Rabindra Nath Tagore .
My dear countrymen , looking forward to our conversation when we will meet for another episode of Mann Ki Baat .
choking
implementation modalities of the scheme
fowl pox
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the revised Model Memorandum of Understanding between the Financial Intelligence Unit(FIU) – India (FIU-Ind) with its counterpart foreign Financial Intelligence Units (FIUs) for exchange of information .
in post-harvest losses , coverage will be available up to a maximum period of 14 days from harvesting for those crops which are kept in “  cut & spread  ” condition to dry in the field .
to ensure proper physical growth and mental development of the child , women of childbearing age , pregnant women , mothers and young children need to be protected from smoke from tobacco or cooking fires  ; from pesticides , herbicides and other poisons  ; and from pollutants such as lead found in water transported by lead pipes , in vehicle exhaust and in some paints .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will address the global celebrations of World Environment Day 2018at New Delhi tomorrow .
He is expected to touch upon several matters of vital interest to the MSME sector .
do not erase the messages—they may be needed to take action by the concern authorities
He gave some examples of the increase in pace in the infrastructure sector .
as a result of this , the flow of water has increased in proportion to the urbanization of the watersheds .
People wanted progress , not policy paralysis .
caring for a newborn brings joy to the mother and father as well as anxiety and fatigue as they adjust to having full-time care of the new baby in their lives .
fund transfer using account number and mobile pin
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modiwill also inaugurate New High Court Circuit Bench at Jalpaiguri .
As per existing contractual regime of PSCs , existing Contractors are not allowed to explore and exploit CBM or other unconventional hydrocarbons in already allotted licensed/leased area .
those with multiple pregnancy
motor vehicles act 1988
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Shri C . K . Jaffer Sharief .
The MoU was signed on 3rd October , 2018 in New Delhi .
the portal provides information related to the national health missionand various health related policies and schemes .
long term measures
the centres will be integrated with a women helpline to facilitate access to following services .
seed of only those varieties which are notified under section 5 of the seeds act , 1966 shall be eligible for certification .
central institute of buddhist studies , leh ( under ministry of culture , govt . of india )
needle
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding between India and Belarus for cooperation in the field of Vocational Education and Training (VET) .
these are rare type of primary headache affecting 0 .1 % of the population ( 1 in a 1 ,000 people ) .
powerloom workers
“ Durga Ashtami greetings to everyone .
The Prime Minister will hand over keys of houses to beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban , as well as Rural) .
health problems in adolescents
interact with your family doctor who may prescribe appropriate tests , allay fears and suggest medication , if needed
volunteers in case of emergency
take care of wounds by dressing them using proper bandage
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today was apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) which has been signed between the Solar Energy Corporation of India Limited (SECI) , India and Commissariat a l energieatomique et aux energies alternatives (CEA) , French state-owned research entity and BlueStorage SAS , a French Company .
produce all relevant certificates in support of education , experience , caste , sports , handicapped , ex-serviceman , widow , freedom fighter and proof of residence etc . to the employment exchange mentioned within 15 days from the date registration .
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India .
asking or demanding sex or any other sexual activity
5 new bio-clusters , 50 new bio-incubators , 150 technology transfer offices and 20 bio-connect offices will be set up in research institutes and universities across india .
be understanding of the parent ’ s beliefs and values .
using the latest version of software allows receiving important stability and security fixes timely .
the scholarship is dependent on the satisfactory progress and conduct of the scholars .
domicile certificate .
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting at Mysuru .
bathing water- points to consider
scalable and configurable platform
the efficiency of this end-to-end system was proved during the large under-sea earthquake of 8 .4 that occurred on september 12 , 2007 in the indian ocean .
children with coughs , colds , runny noses or sore throats who are breathing normally can be treated at home and will recover without medicines .
PM will unveil the plaques to inaugurate Super Speciality Block of Rajaji Medical College , Madurai .
for instance , land development within the school campus may be funded through mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act .
He also inaugurated 10 Health and Wellness Centres .
The population of Noida as per 2011 Census of India is about 6 .42 lakhs .
ageing age is associated with health and related problems .
wards/widows of central armed police forces personnel killed in action .
blood pressures over 130/80 are considered high .
deploy digital surveillance system .
by continuous improvement of occupational safety and health by systems approach to the management of occupational safety and health including developing guidance on occupational safety and health management systems , strengthening voluntary actions , including mechanisms for self-regulatory concept and establishing auditing mechanisms which can test and authenticate occupational safety and health management systems  ;
many of these diseases can be prevented by providing nutrition food , timely medical facilities and health awareness .
mobile money identifier is a 7 digit number provided by your bank .
verifiable signatures and signatory
PM said that India has seen remarkable progress in the last four years .
employed students who take leave without pay for the entire duration of the course and study as fulltime students will be eligible for scholarships .
both women and men have the right to choose how many children to have and when to have them
Prime Minister also underlined that in Dadra and Nagar Haveli alone , 13000 women have been provided Free Gas Connections .
never share your internet banking user id or passwords with anyone .
the mark may be applied to the wrapping or the packaging or printed on a label affixed to the package .
visit on state website for more information about documents which are given blow in table .
the forest is their life and livelihood .
avoid places where there are loose electric wires and do not touch any metal object in contact with them .
record means
issue the baby 's birth certificate for parents to report the birth to the civil registrar .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed students at the Grand Finale of the Smart India Hackathon , via Video Conference .
frequent crying or persistent feelings of helplessness ,
use a long password made up of numbers , letters and symbols -
I was in a meeting with the Tourism Department recently .
these success stories shall be used for motivating youngsters and their parents .
ducklings do not readily learn to eat .
During the official visit of the Prime Minister of India to the Republic of Indonesia on 29-30 May 2018 , President of Indonesia , H .E Mr . Joko Widodo , and H .E . Shri Narendra Modi discussed the Shared Vision of the two countries on Maritime Cooperation in the Indo-Pacific .
never store tablets or medicines for long periods .
new patient requires aadhaar number with registered mobile number .
according to section 354c indian penal code , it is a crime to look at or capture ( say by means of a photograph or video ) a woman going about her private acts , where she thinks that no one is watching her .
PM said , “ It will ensure the supply of gas to the local industries and to the revived Barauni Fertilizer factory besides the start of piped gas supply in Patna .
hand-washing , particularly before eating and after using toilets .
braille and sound symbols are also to be provided in all elevators ( lifts ) .
the assam tea plantations provident fund and pension fund scheme act 1955
cognitive function is generally spared for most patients , although some ( about 5 % ) also develop frontotemporal dementia .
a scholarship holder under this scheme will not hold any other scholarship/stipend .
sustained availability of quality workforce .
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state .
issue of dietary guidelines- recommendations
lack of financial resources ,
The visit to South Africa is in the context of BRICS Summit .
pacifiers and bottle teats may become contaminated , increasing a baby 's risk of illness .
older persons should have access to the educational , cultural , spiritual and recreational resources of society .
retain one set of appeal and postal receipt and receipt .
4 . Short Term Training Programme for RDSO personnel by KRRI ;
move to cool or shaded place .
head ache
The Prime Minister also spoke of the importance of providing proper nutrition to children .
tobacco advertising and promotion are common , and
appropriate weightages have been given for each of these parameters while selecting the sub districts .
usage
Co-production of a film under this treaty will qualify it to be national production both in India and Israel .
by promoting safe and clean technology and progressively replacing materials hazardous to human health and environment  ;
if they observe some thing that may seem suspicious or alarming , they should inform the school authorities immediately .
electrical burns
however , please remember that an abortion is otherwise legal ( subject to conditions mentioned in questions 2 and 3 ) – it is abortion which follows sex-determination that is unlawful .
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Qingdao in China .
the transaction types available in the multilingual languages are
As fellow market economies , our needs and strengths are complementary .
write-up submitted by the retiree will be published after the due verification by concerned organisation .
stay out in the open .
the minimum age of joining atal pension yojana is 18 years and maximum age is 40 years .
washing of the wound very well for at least 10 minutes with water or soap and water to wash out the virus .
sore throat
currently , global hydrogen production is 48 % from natural gas , 30 % from oil , and 18 % from coal  ; water electrolysis accounts for only 4 % .
eat more fiber rich food items like whole grains , grams and sprouts .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has paid tributes to Dr . Ram Manohar Lohia on his birth anniversary .
greater number in the state of punjab
a child with a cough or cold should be kept warm and encouraged to eat and drink as much as possible .
the creators seek out their players/victims and send them an invitation to join .
Communication leads to compassion , the Prime Minister added .
who and where can use esign
should be more than 18 years of age .
the sooner treatment begins the better .
for post-matric scholarship
prenatal care ( care during pregnancy ) and counseling with focus on high risk pregnancies
just ask the recipient to share the mobile number and mobile money identifier . and transfer funds using mobile phones or internet
In a reflection of his commitment towards the people of Odisha , the Prime Minister said that it was his third visit to Odisha over the past three weeks .
where mining leases are granted after 12 .01 .2015 , the rate of contribution would be 10 % of the royalty payable .
the students pursuing such courses are also eligible for an annual allowance of rs .1200/- for essential/prescribed books , besides reimbursement of course fees .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will attend the CPSE Conclave at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on April 9 , 2018 .
security - the tamperproof packaging and advanced anti-counterfeit features on the coin cover make s it very safe and easily recyclable .
the law tells us what jobs are considered hazardous .
125 crores Indian did not just stop at forming the government in 2014 , instead , they continuously strived to make the country better .
commercial pilot license ( including helicopter pilot and multiengine rating ) course .
This is the fourth successive Diwali that the Prime Minister has celebrated with jawans on the border .
most researchers suggest that a combination of these factors may cause the disease .
while the vaccination prevents tumour formation , it does not prevent infection by the virus .
Not just airports , the lives of people in Arunachal Pradesh will improve vastly with new and improved rail and road facilities , ” says PM .
bury burn or safely dispose of all food refuse to stop flies from spreading disease .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Balangir in Odisha today .
Central University of Himachal Pradesh
straw makes good litter .
He stressed on the importance of increasing digital transactions across the postal and rail networks , especially using the BHIM App .
the it act 2000 attempts to change outdated laws and provides ways to deal with cyber crimes .
type 2 diabetes used to be called non-insulin dependent diabetes or adult-onset diabetes , and accounts for at least 90 % of all cases of diabetes .
implementation framework
curry leaves ,
they learn acceptable and unacceptable kinds of behaviour .
links for online registration for new gas connections are as follows .
vaccination schedule for layer  :
The Prime Minister said Manipur has shown how sports can become a means of women empowerment .
Senior Government officials in the rank of Additional Secretary and Joint Secretary have been designated as officers in-charge , to coordinate the efforts of the Centre and the States in addressing the specific developmental needs of these districts .
reduce the risk of infection by keeping hands , instruments and the delivery area clean , and by using gloves at appropriate times
Meetings of the BRICS Working Groups (Competition)
sexual assault  ;
but due to the shrinking forests , environmental changes and new forest conservation policies , their non timber forest produce collection is getting hampered .
intruders will frequently use compromised computers as launching pads for attacking other systems .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today arrived in Mangaluru on the first leg of his visit to Karnataka .
recent telephone bill / electricity bill / property tax receipt ( not older than 2 months ) / voter ’ s card / aaadhar card / passport of individual / proprietor / partners bank passbook or latest account statement duly attested by bank officials / domicile certificate / certificate issued by govt . authority / local panchayat / municipality etc .
The project has been undertaken with French collaboration .
cyberstalking is the use of the internet or other electronic means to stalk someone .
the scheme can be purchased by payment of a lump sum purchase price .
100 % institutional delivery
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) has been mandated to promote international cooperation in the emerging and frontier areas of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) under bilateral and regional framework of cooperation .
all bank accounts opened under the scheme are to have an overdraft facility of rs 5 ,000 for aadhar-linked accounts after satisfactory operation in the account for 6 months .
the growth of particularly vulnerable tribal groups population is either stagnating or declining , compared to the general population growth , particularly in the andaman and nicobar islands where the declining rate is very high .
panchayati raj institutions and co-operative institutions
the normal body temperature in human beings is 37oc or 98 .6 0f .
They stressed that this cooperation will contribute to further enhancement of nuclear safety and will be mutually advantageous .
another form of aggravated rape is rape which results in the death of the victim or in her ending up in a permanent vegetative state and gang rape .
waste is cut into small pieces and spread 10 - 15cm thick above ground or in a pit .
cyclones are given many names in different regions of the world –
it is usually the result of a disease of the lungs , such as a lung cancer or severe tuberculosis , or some form of perforating injury to the lungs .
assistance from the government in the form of monthly allowance of rs 4000 .
Highlighting India’s Soft Power PM said , Yoga is recognized globally today .
`` capacity-building '' includes-
Foundation Stone of Khurja and Buxar Power Plants to be laid through video link by PM
urban areas are densely populated and people living in vulnerable areas suffer due to flooding , sometimes resulting in loss of life .
pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana
The PM-KISAN scheme aims to supplement the financial needs of the SMFs in procuring various inputs to ensure proper crop health and appropriate yields , commensurate with the anticipated farm income at the end of the each crop cycle .
if a student has to repeat a class , she / he would not get scholarship for that class for a second ( or subsequent ) year .
this procedure for the mentally retarded must be based on an evaluation of their social capability by qualified experts , and must be subject to periodic review and a right of appeal to the higher authorities .
provide good laying nest to get clean egg .
subsequently , the eggs contaminate the soil which can spread infection in several ways  :
to establish long-term engagements and
the child should be taken immediately to a trained health worker or clinic if any of the following symptoms are present  :
rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan would create new universities through upgradation of existing autonomous colleges and conversion of colleges in a cluster .
personnel working in laying sectors should not be allowed into brooding/growing sector or feed manufacturing facilities .
out of about 141 m .ha of net area sown in the country , about 65 million hectare ( or 45 % ) is presently covered under irrigation
The Scheme “ FMBAP ” has been framed by merging the components of two continuing XII Plan schemes titled “ Flood Management Programme (FMP) ” and “ River Management Activities and Works related to Border Areas (RMBA) ” .
botulism  : c-type antitoxin may be given to the affected birds
biometric or based authentication
every pregnancy is special and every pregnant woman must receive special care .
“ Our Scientists must commit themselves to addressing problems of affordable healthcare , housing , clean air , water and energy , agricultural productivity and food processing .
jammu and kashmir
loss of appetite
The Prime Minister gave several examples of “ Ease of Living ” that have been brought about in the last three years , such as quicker income tax refunds , quicker passport delivery etc .
every pregnant woman hopes for a healthy baby and an uncomplicated pregnancy .
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in .
public health and engineering department
In response to their observations , the Prime Minister mentioned the Saubhagya Yojana , which has been launched by the Union Government to provide electricity connections to every home .
by providing information and advice , in an appropriate manner , to employers and employee s organisations , with a view to eliminating hazards or reducing them as far as practicable  ; .
repayment only after harvest
she should have jaggery instead of sugar  ;
e-kranti - electronic delivery of services
destroy the transaction receipts securely after reviewing .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between India and Argentine in the field of Tourism .
customer aadhaar seeding
ante-natal period
instead , you type mobile number in browser .
pradhan mantri kisan sampada yojana with an allocation of rs . 6 ,000 crore is expected to leverage investment of rs . 31 ,400 crore , handling of 334 lakh mt agro-produce valuing rs . 1 ,04 ,125 crore , benefit 20 lakh farmers and generate 5 ,30 ,500 direct/ indirect employment in the country by the year 2019-20 .
funding pattern
under the janani suraksha yojana , eligible pregnant women are entitled for cash assistance irrespective of the age of mother and number of children for giving birth in a government or accredited private health facility .
but these changes are neither linear nor consistent , and they are only loosely associated with a person ’ s age in years .
the two schemes , namely lucky grahak yojana for consumers and digi-dhan vyapar yojana for merchants were launched to nudge people towards significantly higher usage of digital transactions through the offer of incentives .
there is a small chance that she can become pregnant before her periods return .
The scheme aims to provide digital skills and basic computer training to six crore people through 20 hours of basic computer training .
submit 1st appeal application
hiv/ aids infected children
have had a previous premature birth or a baby weighing less than 2 kilograms at birth
employer should ensure that the new employee has a valid labour identification number which is aadhaar linked .
He said that the YouthCon is happening at a time when a ‘New India’ is being shaped .
practice good hand hygiene
a grace period of one year only for cases , where there is a delay on part of candidate for submission of application for renewal of scholarship may be entertained
face and lips may turn a bluish color
We are conscious that creating a defence industrial complex is far from simple .
these four verticals are as below .
to protect health , body , hair , mouth and teeth must be cleaned regularly and clothes must be washed frequently .
children are particularly vulnerable to exploitation and abuse .
The Prime Minister emphasized that the engagement of India and African Countries has been on the rise .
address proof  : voter card/passport/aadhaar card/driving license etc
users may also take a print out , sign it and visit the indane distributorship with the documents indicated in the application .
a child with diarrhoea needs to continue eating regularly .
In the last seven to ten days itself , more than Rs . 4000 crore of arrears have been given to the farmers as a result of new policy measures enforced , the Prime Minister said .
aadhaare based authentication
high blood pressure usually has no symptoms  ; in fact , many people have blood pressure for years without even knowing it .
autism spectrum disorder
The Prime Minister said , “ Tributes to the brave martyrs of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre .
the risks associated with childbearing for the mother and her baby can be greatly reduced if a woman is healthy and well nourished before becoming pregnant .
the visitor gets email and queries alert on his mobile phone as soon as the appointment is fixed .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working tirelessly to fulfil the aspirations of the people .
rs .330 per annum .
this may help to delay the next pregnancy .
the condition of education is also very poor , with an average literacy rate of 10 % to 44 % in particularly vulnerable tribal groups
an antibiotic ointment should be applied and the wound should be covered with a nonstick bandage .
reduce usage of wood and time
The MoU will be signed during the upcoming visit of Russian President to India .
* in case the state government insists on any other document or procedure the same shall be fully complied with under the indane act applicable to the state .
what diseases cause secondary headaches ?
insurance schemes like aam aadmi bima yojana
breathes fast
Prime Minister also presented a sculpture of Bodhi tree to the Myanmar President .
october to december
It is through our modern temples of science that India is transforming its present and working to secure its future , ” the Prime Minister said .
these scholarships will be given for the study of all recognized post-matriculation or post-secondary courses pursued in recognized institutions with the following exceptions  :
government of india firmly believes that without safe , clean environment as well as healthy working conditions , social justice and economic growth can not be achieved and that safe and healthy working environment is recognized as a fundamental human right .
The Prime Minister mentioned the 25 ,000 houses being given under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana , which aims at providing housing for all by 2022 .
for more information , click here .
the scheme for development of primitive vulnerable tribal groups , came into effect from april 1 ,2008 .
iii . Enable cross-learning on RuPay Credit/Debit Cards through linkages between National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) and Network for Electronic Transfers (NETS) payment networks ;
alcohol may lower the blood sugar .
for officiating the increased cost of such maintenance , the limit of the deduction has been raised from rs .12000/- to rs .20000/- .
if you get an abortion after you come to know the sex of the foetus , you can be punished with jail time of up to three or seven years depending on the stage of pregnancy .
water is the most abundant compound of hydrogen found on earth .
in case of integrated , the scholarship will be given for initial three/four years as the case may be .
all banks participating in pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana are on platform and the account can easily be transferred to any branch of the bank in any city/town as per the request of the account-holder .
application procedure
there are three main types of soil transmitted helminths that infect people  : roundworm , whipworm and hookworms
the chief commissioner for persons with disabilities and the state commissioners will act as regulatory bodies and grievance redressal agencies and also monitor implementation of the act .
the urban component of the mission will be implemented by the ministry of urban development , and the rural component by the ministry of drinking water and sanitation .
avoid smoking .
the incubation period tends to be shorter in cases of bites on face ( average 35 days ) as against those on limbs ( average 52 days ) .
nutrition & health education
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) between India and Japan on establishing a liquid , flexible and global LNG Market .
if you attempt to remove it you will tear the skin causing unnecessary pain and inviting infection in .
the most commonly used measure is body mass index and it is computed by dividing weight in kilogram by the square of the height in meter .
The Memorandum of Understanding shall enable the following potential interest areas of cooperation such as ,
The Prime Minister will also dedicate the State Civil Secretariat Building to the nation , and lay the Foundation Stone of the Academic Block of the Tomo Riba Institute of Health and Medical Science .
if there are complications , more frequent check-ups are necessary .
this section displays the requester name and the number of documents requested from the resident by the requester .
Another highlight of visit to Jammu today was PM laying the foundation stone of 1640 m span double lane bridge over River Chenab at Sajwal .
avoid contact with flood water it may be contaminated with sewage , oil , chemicals or other substances .
child is irritable , restless or lethargic or unconscious  :
when discussing coal , that can be easily carried off on the back of trucks .
fear , anger or violence when playing with other children , which could be signs of emotional problems or abuse .
it is expensive .
at the time of filing of application
He praised the “ Go to hills , go to villages ” programme of the State Government .
77 passport seva kendras have been made operational across the country and 16 passport seva laghu kendras are being established as part of passport seva .
available to people in age group 18 to 70 years with bank account .
We must extend the security of insurance and pension to more than a billion workers in the informal sectors worldwide , who still do not have it .
The Prime Minister warmly recalled the State Visit of President Macron to India in March 2018 , as well as their recent interaction on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Argentina .
do not re-enter badly damaged buildings and do not go near damaged structures .
for certain localized problems , loss / damage resulting from occurrence of identified localized risks like hailstorm , landslide , and inundation affecting isolated farms in the notified area would also be covered .
Revered Babu was a people’s person .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today congratulated Shri Harivansh , on his election as Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha .
farm waste is placed in the trenches layer by layer .
when a caregiver plays with and sings , speaks , reads or tells a story to the child and nurtures her or him with healthy food , love and affection , the child 's brain grows .
locate common service centers
the scheme also allows for premature exit for the treatment of any critical/ terminal illness of self or spouse .
host institute may coordinate with marketing companies to invite companies for the placement .
if so start the kiss of life and heart massage immediately
PM will address the gathering at the venue
boars
ensures uniform growth and maturity
dependent on change in seasons / weather – hence they may not be used always
the works which could not be covered under the above , to be taken up through provision of `` gap-filling '' funds for which central assistance is provided @ rs . 10 lakh per village revised to rs . 20 lakhs per village at an average w .e .f . sep . 2011 , with state government also expected to make a suitable , preferably matching , contribution .
there is another law which makes it a crime to take pictures of a person ’ s private areas , share them or publish them without their consent .
keep in contact with the authorities should a forced movement of vessel be directed .
men and boys can help women and girls in disposing of the faeces .
initiate breast-feeding especially colostrum feeding within an hour of birth .
search suitable candidates
cantonment boards
the area of the skin becomes red and is painful .
specific learning disabilities
return of indicative pension wealth to nominees after death of spouse .
It is all pervasive , touching the lives of all and all inclusive .
accidental insurance cover of rs .1 .00 lac and life insurance cover of rs .30000/- will be available to all account-holders .
comments which are religious , gender based or based on caste and creed will not be permitted .
while widely available , it is expensive .
the childline team receives & responds to the calls
on qualifying post graduation ( for boys & girls )
fish or poultry waste intestinal parts of the farm or obtained from local market can be boiled before feeding , which will be a very good animal protein source for pigs .
in case of private road connecting to the public road , the same should be either owned/registered lease or having a right of way from the owner ( s ) of the land .
He will later visit the Durga Mata Temple in the city .
social security
the concerned department of the state government/ union territory administration will supply the application forms , which should be received back by the department along with prescribed certificate , by the last date .
by ensuring a coordinated research approach and an optimal allocation of resources in occupational safety and health sector for such purposes  ;
PM asked people to compare 55 months of his Government with 55 years of the previous Governments with respect to developmental activities in Arunachal Pradesh and other North Eastern states also .
by encouraging all concerned to adopt and commit to 'responsible care ' and /or 'corporate social responsibility ' to improve safety , health and environment at workplace performance  ;
Prime Minister of India H .E . Shri Narendra Modi visited Japan on October 28-29 , 2018 for the India-Japan Annual Summit with Prime Minister of Japan H .E . Mr . Shinzo Abe .
this section covers policies , funding opportunities and best practices related to volunteer sector .
applicants pursuing courses , such as diploma courses , not leading to award of a degree or pursuing master degree programme except renewal subject to first professional course .
He said that they are using technology not only for themselves but also for the welfare of others .
the state programme implementation plans would spell out the key strategies , activities undertaken , budgetary requirements and key health outputs and outcomes .
four sewerage projects , worth Rs 1111 .56 Cr aimed at creating a sewage-treatment capacity of 60 million litres daily for Patna ,under Namami Gange .
avoid close contact with people who are having respiratory illness .
organic seed procurement or raising organic nursery @ rs .500/acre/year x 50 acres
benefits of national agriculture market
the scheme also provides performance based incentives to women health volunteers known as asha for promoting institutional delivery among pregnant women .
In the visitors’ book , the Prime Minister wrote :
The Prime Minister said that the Government is committed towards fulfilling the aspirations of youth of the country .
agri directory
it is also believed that oxidative stress can also cause parkinson ’ s disease .
A great example of the interconnection between us and Nature is the calendar based on our festivals .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved establishment of a unified authority for regulating all financial services in International Financial Services Centres (IFSCs) in India through International Financial Srvices Centres Authority Bill , 2019 .
after the hemorrhage , the blood vessels in brain may widen and narrow erratically ( causing brain cell damage by further limiting blood flow to parts of brain .
high blood pressure increases the risk of developing heart disease , kidney disease , hardening of the arteries , eye damage and brain damage .
if they can not be given up completely , women should make sure they rest as much as possible between tasks .
faulty prime movers
a dirty face attracts flies , spreading the germs from person to person .
carefully watch every step you take .
economic dependency
programme implementation
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary .
the students studying in “  kendriya vidalayas and “  jawahar vavodaya vidlayas  ” are not entitled to get scholarship under this scheme .
for this , all the eligible applicants need to apply online on the website of national scholarship portal on or before 15th december of every year .
the aims and objects of the organization and programmes in fulfillment of those aims and objects are specifically laid down  ;
village swachhtha index
these groups are called particularly vulnerable tribal groups .
crying often
The Prime Minister said , “ Another tournament , another medal!
prevent gender biased sex selective elimination
taking care of bones by proper nourishment and exercise when you are still young will help you to attain good bones helping you to live the life that you love .
every local authority ( municipality or panchayat ) , cantonment board or railway authority is responsible for surveying its area to identify manual scavengers .
introduction
Foreign Minister Rabbani is in India for the 2nd meeting of the India-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership Council that he co-chairs with External Affairs Minister of India .
who will draw the soil sample ?
it enforce compliance , through specification and licensing model and comprehensive digital audit trail is established to confirm the validity of transactions , are also preserved .
Prof . Philip Kotler is a world renowned Professor of Marketing at Northwestern University , Kellogg School of Management .
doordarshan free dish reaches to around 2 to 2 .5 crore families , mostly in rural areas and people from poor background .
the court will assume that you knew of the infringement because in most cases the movie contains a watermark or notice which clearly indicates that it is a copyrighted work .
In addition , Government has also started training female masons in many states , thereby resulting in women empowerment .
the centrally sponsored integrated child protection scheme aims at contributing to the improvement of the children who are in difficult circumstances .
it is said that our energy resources may last only for another 40 years or so .
the act applies to all states and union territories of india except the state of jammu and kashmir .
they are often the consequence of multiple underlying factors and include frailty , urinary incontinence , falls , and pressure ulcers .
it aims to reduce the quality gap between school education and engineering education entrance systems by focussing on the three dimensions-curriculum design , transaction and assessment .
the employer is being mandated to furnish information relating to the result of selection against the vacancies notified within thirty days from the date of selection , to make the registration data more rational .
From Arunachal Pradesh , the Prime Minister will proceed to Tripura on a non-official visit .
Under Mudra , 15 crore people have got loans totaling worth over Rupees seven lakh crore .
aadhaar seeding platform is a neutral platform and it has the following propositions for aadhaar seeding with bank accounts
financial inclusion
safety of children in the school bus
reduce annual lighting emissions by 32 kg
disability has been defined based on an evolving and dynamic concept .
what is aadhaar ?
The Joint venture will give a tremendous boost to the UP Defence Corridor project .
the following is the process for lodging an online complaint with the banking ombudsman .
colonic lesions , e .g . , colon cancer
first time offences can be settled if the person pays a certain sum of money .
affirming gender equality and ensuring respect for women
commercial production and scientific management of various birds are detailed here
Both the countries will benefit by mutual cooperation in the field of Road Transport and Road Industry .
Over 24 lakh RFID tags have been issued so far , and over 22 percent of toll revenue now comes from electronic toll collection .
Furthering the momentum of Fitness Challenge , the Prime Minister nominated Karnataka CM Shri H D Kumaraswamy , Table Tennis Player Ms . Manika Batra and the entire IPS fraternity , especially those above 40 for the Fitness Challenge .
even in hot , dry climates , breast milk fully meets a baby 's need for fluids .
she should have family and social support to enable her to find the time to carry out her tasks .
procedure for regularization of & change of name in piped natural gas connections
the growth of internet has shown that the medium of cyberspace is being used by individuals and groups to threaten the international governments as also to terrorise the citizens of a country .
toxemia
improved transparency
in case you are a student residing in a hostel of your university / institute or elsewhere ( e .g . ) etc , then please get a declaration in the proforma at annexure one ( click here also ) to form 6 .
The Governor of Uttarakhand , Dr . K .K . Paul , and Chief Minister of Uttarakhand , Shri Trivendra Singh Rawat , were present on the occasion .
if you are aware there is a tsunami warning and you have time to move your vessel to deep water , then you may want to do so in an orderly manner , in consideration of other vessels .
The objective is to monitor the maritime traffic and to identify the non-compliant ships at the maximum possible revisit frequency .
respiratory rate
policy term  : 10 years
the real danger is the loss of liquid and nutrients from the child 's body , which can cause dehydration and malnutrition .
Gold Cards have also also been issued to the people in both UTs entitled for benefits under Ayushman bharat .
India has jumped 42 places in three years to enter the top hundred in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report 2018 .
Ms . Reenat Sandhu , Ambassador of India to Italy
for any subsequent violation , imprisonment of up to two years and/or a fine of rs 50 ,000 to rs five lakh can be awarded .
to ensure long-term sustainable livelihoods for the affected people in mining areas .
national payments corporation of india currently offers varied solutions across platforms including mobile technology , cheques etc and is extremely well placed in nurturing rupay cards across these platforms .
the waste cattle fodder can also be utilized as fish feed .
national mission steering group chaired by union minister for health & family welfare with deputy chairman planning commission , ministers of panchayat raj , rural development and human resource development and public health professionals as members , to provide policy support and guidance to the mission
Addressing a public gathering , the PM said , “ We are undergoing a deep sorrow and anguish over the Pulwama attack .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 446 kg
objectives
the development of lightheadedness , dizziness , or fainting upon standing caused by low blood pressure is called orthostatic hypotension .
as fowl cholera becomes chronic , chickens develop abscessed wattles and swollen joints and foot pads .
The post of Commissioner of Metro Railway Safety will be in HAG ( pay level 15) in the Commission of Railway Safety under the Ministry of Civil Aviation .
for each hazard , the approach used in this national plan incorporates the four priorities enunciated in the sendai framework into the planning framework for disaster risk reduction under the five thematic areas for actions  :
to create an environment which promotes learning between states by sharing best practices and experiences .
if you are in open space , stay there until the shaking stops .
government educational institutes and other educational institutes receiving grant from government shall reserve at least 3 % seats for people with disabilities .
if children defecate without using the latrine or toilet , their faeces should be cleaned up immediately and disposed of in the latrine or toilet or buried .
mothers should breastfeed more often than usual when the child has diarrhoea .
adaptation options in urban and rural contexts and the adaptation actions india is taking .
fighting is common among younger adolescents , more so among boys than girls .
the scholars pursuing studies through correspondence are not eligible .
it provides better task based lighting
mobilization of farmers / local people to form cluster in 50 acre for participatory guarantee system certification
additional allowance for students with disabilities studying in private un-aided recognized schools .
against whom can a complaint be filed ?
. breastfeeding also helps the mother 's womb contract , which reduces the risk of heavy bleeding or infection and helps to expel the placenta ( afterbirth ) .
india continued to witness a series of chemical accidents even after bhopal had demonstrated the vulnerability of the country .
salient features
after receiving the payment , the merchant issues a receipt for the transaction , which is usually printed , but is increasingly being dispensed with by sending it electronically .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Varanasi , Azamgarh and Mirzapur districts of Uttar Pradesh on July 14th and 15th , 2018 .
lucky grahak yojana ( consumers )
Prime Minister Oli extended an invitation to Prime Minister Modi to pay an early visit to Nepal .
when internet was developed , the founding fathers of internet hardly had any inclination that internet could also be misused for criminal activities .
the court of sh . jagdish kumar  : new delhi - ( name changed )
The Union Government has initiated several new programs for the North-Eastern States , in the area of science .
demolish condemned buildings
the scholarship
install effective firewalls , filtering and monitoring software mechanisms in all the computers and regularly review filtering and blocking policies and procedures .
in-case linking problem still persists you are requested to visit income tax official website or call department helpline .
We decided to erect the National War Memorial and I am contented to see it attaining completion in so little a time .
· 8th Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Health – 20 July (Durban)
Scientific Social Responsibility is the need of the hour .
cyberstalking
access for all to safe drinking water on a sustainable basis .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of e-Governance .
At the feet of the Statue of Unity , the Prime Minister performed a special prayer .
experience certificate , if you have
annual lighting emission reduction of 984 kg is equivalent to 98 additional trees
the traditional form of bondage or forced labour in india are known as adiyamar , baramasia , basahya , bethu , bhagela , cherumar , garru-galu , hali , hari , harwai , holya , jana , jeetha , kamiya , khundifmundit , kuthia , lakhari , munjhi , mat , munish system , nit-majoor , paleru , padiyal , pannayilal , sagri , sanji , sanjawat , sewak , sewakia , seri , vetti .
the comprehensive legal/ institutional framework exists in our country .
about 30-40 pigs can be raised for a hectare of pond area .
medical help should be sought immediately and the child should continue to receive solution and zinc .
• In addition to existing monitoring mechanism for projects by Central Water Commission , an Expert Project Review Committee may be constituted to oversee the overall implementation of these projects .
Ayushman Bharat seeks to undertake path breaking interventions to holistically address health issues .
I am looking forward to my discussions with President Mahmoud Abbas and reaffirming our support for the Palestinian people and the development of Palestine .
This will provide connectivity to remote villages .
abides by 2 mandated by state bank of india , for card not present transactions .
we use energy faster than it can be produced -
It is a priority sector in our “ Make in India ” programme .
the houses constructed/acquired with central assistance under the mission should be in the name of the female head of the household or in the joint name of the male head of the household and his wife , and only in cases when there is no adult female member in the family , the house can be in the name of male member of the household .
Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Institute of Archaeology is under Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and is located at Knowledge Park-II , Greater Noida .
the government of india grant would be maximum up to rs . 12 lakhs ( 30 % of rs . 40 lakhs ) .
Similarly , in heavy-duty construction machinery India has a growing demand and Belarus has industrial strengths .
Both of these are emerging as the main centers of education .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Promulgation of the Daman and Diu Civil Courts (Amendment) Regulation , 2019 and the Dadra and Nagar Haveli (Civil Courts and Miscellaneous Provisions)Amendment Regulation , 2019 under Article 240 of the Constitution .
yes , joint account can be opened .
As the popular Korean saying goes :
presence of pus
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Odisha today .
the remaining pension wealth can either be withdrawn in a lump sum on attaining the age of 60 .
this section displays the complete profile of the resident ( name , date of birth , gender , residential address , email , mobile number ) as available in the central government database .
The Prime Minister’s interactions lasted a total of over nine hours .
Implementation strategy and targets :
the greater the amount of worms in an individual ( intensity ) , the more symptoms the infected individual will have .
or if they are very severe ,
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government , like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country .
if your beneficiary ’ s bank account is also linked to unified payment interface , you can simply use their mobile mobile number or payment address to transfer .
essential requirements
The country’s refinery capacity is currently more than two fourty seven MMTPA .
obesity
while energy in the ability to do work , power is the rate at which energy is transferred , used , or transformed .
simple tips to follow
the credit linked subsidy will be available only for loan amounts upto rs 6 lakhs and such loans would be eligible for an interest subsidy at the rate of 6 .5 % for tenure of 20 years or during tenure of loan whichever is lower .
Giving examples of ODF targets and rural electrification , the Prime Minister urged the officers to work towards 100 per cent achievement of targets .
carve “  f40  ” on your hand , send a photo to curator .
presently , after 10+2 grate the students are selected on entrance test merit basis .
class i to v rs .25/- per month for 10 months
easy access to a common service centre .
realising the importance , more than 20 ministries/departments run 70 plus schemes for skill development in the country .
Prime Minister laid the foundation Stone of 30 ,000 houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana .
yes , several bank accounts can be linked to the same virtual address depending on the functionality/ies being made available by the respective banks .
providing for the enhancement of livelihood security of households in rural areas by providing at least 100 days of guaranteed wage employment in every financial year to every household demanding it .
The Prime Minister also visited the Shaheed Sthal (New Bus Adda) Metro Station in Ghaziabad and flagged off the metro rail from Shaheed Sthal Station to Dilshad Garden .
the nitrogenous source may be in the form of urea or fresh poultry litter .
before registering , check if it is already registered with the portal by using the “  find school/college  ” .
adolescent girls who are pregnant
the disease is more dangerous during pregnancy , especially during the first pregnancy .
about 5 to 10 percent of all amyotrophic lateral sclerosis cases are inherited .
the mission aims to make india an open defecation free country in five years .
always use antivirus , anti spam and anti spyware products
facility-specific , approved nuclear emergency response plans specifying the jobs of all the functionaries who have assigned roles during the emergency .
what is this law about ?
the handling of nuclear emergencies requires coordination among different service groups of the nuclear facility .
source  : for complete information on post matric scholarships to the students belonging to scheduled tribes for studies in india , click here
there are many safe , effective and acceptable methods of planning for and avoiding pregnancy .
faster transit
“ On his Jayanti , I bow to Dr . Syama Prasad Mookerjee .
duration of apprenticeship training for different routes for getting the financial benefits of the scheme will be as follows  :
Mann Ki Baat is not about the Government it is about the society .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Hockey Team for winning the Asia Cup 2017 .
should have an anganwadi centre and schools of appropriate levels .
the eligible employer must have added new employees to the reference base of workers in order to avail benefits under the scheme from august , 2016 onwards .
this helps stop the spread of germs .
Health services will improve through these centers .
the government through this initiative aims to empower startups to grow through innovation and design .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for Amendment in the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act , 2012 to make punishment more stringent for committing sexual crimes against children .
for example , fodder for animals that in turn produce dung , agricultural waste for cooking , etc .
do not disclose credit card number to anyone .
what is the punishment for employing children in violation of the law ?
expected outcome
will i be able to use unified payment interface after i change my sim or mobile ?
The Prime Minister will then travel to Tamil Nadu .
for applying to the established trees like coconut , mango , banana and other fruit bearing trees , minimum 5 kg composted coir pith is required .
a child with diarrhoea should never be given any tablets , antibiotics or other medicines unless prescribed by a trained health worker .
He said the Union Government has fixed MSP of 22 crops based on 1 .5 times the cost .
The Prime Minister was also briefed on the decision of the Ministry of Home Affairs , to dispense with the requirement of Restricted Area Permit for foreigners visiting the Andaman and Nicobar Islands .
you have to enter this personal identification number to authorize all bank transactions .
He said compared to previous government which built only 25 lakhs houses in 5 years , we have built more than 1 crore 25 lakh houses in 5 years .
• develop projects in domains mentioned above , in Morocco and India : develop partnership mechanism with the socio-economic actors in the two countries ;
He also added that “ Now we have more than 400 passport offices compared to only 80 in 2014 . ”
massage and cuddle the baby often
passport seva is enabling ministry of external affairs to deliver passport services in a reliable , convenient and transparent manner , within defined service levels .
Neurosurgery , Neurology , Nephrology , Plastic Surgery , Urology , Microvascular and Medical & Surgical Gastroenterology .
Details of the Indian Footwear , Leather & Accessories Development Programme
· BRICS National Statistical Office Meeting
rainwater harvesting- rooftop as well as others
tarun  : covering loans above 5 lakh and upto 10 lakh
“ Delighted the Rajya Sabha has passed the Constitution (One Hundred And Twenty-Fourth Amendment) Bill , 2019 .
process of filing right to information information through online
· 9th Technical National Statistics Offices of the BRICS Offices – 13 to 15 March (Pretoria)
check the mother 's and baby 's health regularly during the 24 hours after birth , during the first week , and again six weeks after birth
in case of violation of the rights as prescribed in this act , people with disabilities may move an application to the
through the vittiya saksharta abhiyan web portal , students and teachers of higher institutions can register as volunteers and upload their achievements periodically .
therapy with a speech and language pathologist may improve this disability .
the following tips are recommended to create strong passwords and keep them secure .
the verification of his identity is done online with the help of authentication devices which connect to central identity repository and return only a ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ response to the basic query- “  is the person who he/she claims to be ?  ” based on the data available with aadhaar .
establishment should have submitted their employees ' provident fund for the month of march , 2016
any electricity distribution company light-emitting diode bulb can be replaced with any other company ’ s electricity distribution company light-emitting diode bulb .
after reading all guidelines , you need to put tick mark on “  bank  ” after that , click the submit option .
As a result of this we never had sustainable higher rate of growth .
prevention
recent research suggests that as understanding of the seismic hazard of these regions increases , more areas assigned as low hazard may be re-designated to higher level of seismic hazard , or vice-versa .
for complete guidelines , click here
health is a prerequisite for human development and it is an essential component in well-being of humankind .
the occurrence of the killari earthquake in 1993 resulted in further revision of the seismic zoning map in which the low hazard zone or seismic zone i was merged with seismic zone ii , and some parts of deccan and peninsular india were brought under seismic zone iii consisting of areas designated as moderate hazard zone areas .
breast feeding
On the 19th of May , Sangeeta Bahal , aged more than 50 , scaled the Everest .
stress may result in the immune system not being able to cope with the disease challenge .
the mildest and least serious form of frostbite is termed frostnip .
the casualty may be conscious or unconscious , and if the former , may be able to help somewhat with your task .
however , if the account-holder wishes to get cheque book , he/she will have to fulfill minimum balance criteria , if any , of the bank .
documents required
the process of resorption and deposition goes on throughout life .
The Prime Minister said human interface must be kept to a minimum in the tax administration’s dealings .
portability of all entitlements for individuals through the cloud .
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) , at Bilaspur .
origin and birth place of sowa-rigpa
it could save their lives !
Regular interaction with governments is required , he added .
do not drive into flooded areas .
voter ’ s list
the directions for mixing should be carefully followed .
there is also dearth of information with regard to existing status of women and their common needs for providing necessary support .
do not consume cut fruits from vendors .
manage users and roles
a guide for communities and community health workers , by world health organisation
if you like , you can lean against a wall , using a cushion for added support
women who have an increased level of physical activity , above the usual levels , during pregnancy
you may become addicted to these substances .
e-kranti is an essential pillar of the digital india initiative .
The Union cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Germany on Cooperation in the field of Occupational Safety and Health (OSH) .
The seminar will showcase the Success Stories of Make in India program & key interventions taken by Government to ensure the success of the program .
mime .
The ethanol blending and biodiesel programme is reducing carbon emissions , and raising farmers’ incomes .
proper health care
declination to move or sluggish movement
frequent urination
He said the entire Temple complex is now in the process of rejuvenation , and the results are becoming visible .
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of Kendriya Vidyalaya in Odisha’s Sonepur at an estimated cost of Rs .15 .81 crore .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated the Ahmedabad Shopping Festival-2019 at the Sabarmati Riverfront in Ahmedabad .
taxpayers should ensure that the date of birth and gender in electronic toll collection and aadhaar are exactly same .
each individual element stands on its own , but is also part of the larger picture .
emails or text messages asking the user to confirm or provide personal information ( debit/credit/ pin , expiry date , passwords , etc . ) should be ignored .
when a large area is damaged , requiring hospital care , ice may be packed in a towel and applied to the injury during the journey
having correct information about an issue is extremely important .
The Punjab Government also conveyed its financial concurrence on 26 .04 .2018 .
Arunachal Pradesh Government had identified a suitable portion of land measuring 5 .99 acres within the campus of SSB at Tawang for construction of Mega Festival-cum-multipurpose ground with parking facilities (4 ,73 acres) and construction of ring road (1 .26 acres) .
raise the room temperature 5°f for brooding-age chickens until symptoms subside .
national urban health mission goals
PM wished that Kochi refinery leads a petrochemical revolution in southern India and support the of growing needs of New India .
affected birds become progressively weaker and emaciated .
Addressing the public gathering Prime Minister said today inauguration or foundation stone laying of Projects worth more than Rs 1400 crore has been undertaken .
as well as the biogas , the process also produces a slurry which can be used as a nutrient rich fertilizer .
No special traffic arrangements were made for his visit .
regular treatment of at-risk populations will reduce the intensity of infection and protect infected individuals from morbidity .
you should first protect yourself from the earthquake damages .
call centre & helpdesk  :
The Prime Minister will also address a public gathering at Kothi Meena Bazaar in Agra .
“ We are emphasizing on power generation .
a diet low in iodine is especially damaging during the early stages of pregnancy and in early childhood .
in hilly areas , solar water heating is also being used .
younger adolescents may be particularly vulnerable when their capacities are still developing and they are beginning to move outside the confines of their families .
• eliminating registers used by AWWs
the district administration will assess the cash requirement of the beneficiary and exercise its best judgement in the matter and put the money under annuity scheme with the consent of the said adult male .
The Prime Minister will visit the Kashi Vishwanath Temple at Varanasi .
at least one crore students are expected to benefit in 2 to 3 years through this initiative . library will be launched in 2014 .
most of the social networking web sites enabling users to set privacy controls for who has the ability to view the information .
And , it is inscribed on her grave – “ Here reposes Sister Nivedita who gave her all to India ” .
In Srinagar , Prime Minister will interact with students from the states of Assam , Gujarat , Haryana , Odisha , Maharashtra and Telangana .
The MoU entails setting up of a framework of cooperation between the two countries for implementing development partnership projects and programmes in Africa .
immunization protects against several dangerous diseases .
tumours can occur in the eyes and cause irregularly shaped pupils and blindness .
all the children shall be screened once in a year for identifying ‘ at-risk ’ cases .
use of birth control pills or hormone therapies that include estrogen .
Thirty nine Officer Trainees of Indian Foreign Service , currently undergoing training in the Foreign Service Institute , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
all eligible scheduled tribe candidates will be given scholarships as prescribed in this scheme
for the complete information on registration and accessing the services , click here .
cattle shed / poultry / piggery for animal compost
how they are identified
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are :
The Prime Minister had laid the foundation stone of this Centre in November 2014 .
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra . under AMRUT scheme .
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Prayagraj .
what is cybercrime ?
He released a postal stamp on “ Ramayana , ” on this occasion .
It was established as a Deemed to be University under the de Novo category in 2018 to create a resource pool of best-in-class professionals for the railway and transportation sector .
cleaning the head
application complete in all respects shall be submitted to the head of the institution , being attended or last attended by the candidates and shall be addressed to an officer specified for this purpose by the government of state/union territory to which the student belongs , in accordance with the instructions issued by them from time to time .
take required quantity of neem seed kernel ( 5 kg )
skimmed milk powder and whole-milk powder
talking to friends , your parents or other trusted adults can be helpful .
candidates belonging to one state but studying in another state will be awarded scholarships by the state to which they belong and will submit their applications to the competent authority in that state .
avoid being bitten  :
Negotiations for entering into an Agreement for the Exchange of Information with respect to Taxes were conducted at Brunei from 10th to 11th January , 2017 .
implementation
because of these changes , the brain may function slightly less well .
to build a safe and disaster resilient india by developing a holistic , proactive , multi-disaster oriented and technology driven strategy through a culture of prevention , mitigation , preparedness and response .
the act covers all women who may be mother , sister , wife , widow or partners living in a shared household .
PM urged the people of Daman to continue giving topmost importance to cleanliness as the opportunities in tourism increase when there is cleanliness .
collaborative partners
use of eggs/ non veg  :
rice polish
counsellors shall follow a prescribed code of ethics , guidelines and protocols in providing counselling services .
It was said that a corruption free government in India was impossible , but people of India have made it possible .
pigs are brought to the pond before stocking the fish , so no basal application of manure is required .
maternal mortality ratio
reliable , eco-friendly , mature and proven technology .
the fission process is the widely used method .
what supplies she needs to take for herself and her baby
a confirmation screen will appear showing success response .
general conditions
government & private industrial training institutes .
it is possible to generate a high amount of electrical energy in one single plant .
domestic violence act - 2005
the establishment representative must represent the labour identification number verified establishments at shram suvidha portal .
On the occasion of Diwali , Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Kedarnath today .
MINISTERIAL MEETINGS :
barrel of oil
No Indian president or prime minister had visited Israel before our president visited in 2015 .
Besides the Ananda Temple , these include the Bamiyan Buddhas in Afghanistan , the Angkor Wat in Cambodia , the Ta Prohm Temple in Cambodia , the Vat Phou Temple in Laos , and the My Son Temple in Vietnam .
for example , minimum entry qualification is 10+2 whereas for graduation it is 10+2/diploma .
the online link for submission of the write-up is http  : //164 .100 .117 .42/anubhav/home/commendablework .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between India and Belarus in the oil and gas sector .
Super Speciality Blocks of Thanjavur Medical College and Tirunelveli Medical College as a part of the Government Medical Colleges upgradation projects .
non-acceptance of application for loans without furnishing valid reasons to the applicant ,
keep the weep holes open .
India is not new to him , but it is his first visit to India as the President .
tax exemption on capital gains
aspirin or paracetamol pain relievers
parkinson 's disease
the department is committed to the provision of a functional girls toilet in every school .
feeding a baby only with breast milk and on demand during the first six months can help to delay the return of the mother 's menstruation .
PM said , “ The maritime sector in India , with its rich history , has the potential to power our nation’s transformation .
constipation or diarrhea
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion , and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress , and deliver results quickly .
No stone was left unturned to trace their where abouts , their well-being and their rescue .
what can i do if i am a victim of any of the situations mentioned above ?
Prime Ministeremphasizedon the Japanese contribution in creating smart infrastructure for building a ‘New India’ .
integrated fish farming-cum-cattle farming
vitamin is also an important part of measles treatment .
rainfed area development
ensure that the patient has regained full consciousness by asking him questions of his identity .
this model provide 2 - 3 times higher manure than that conventional concrete floor pigpen .
post-matric scholarship for students belonging to the minority communities
The Prime Minister said lack of water resources has been a major impediment to development .
- the fittings provided by most of the farmers are very poor resulting in large losses and leakage .
where there is no toilet , faeces should be buried .
tests
Pace of rail track addition has doubled .
accreditation and registration authorities for schools
which snakes bite  :
listen to public addressal system of the plant/ factory , local radio/ channels for advice from district administration/fire/health/police and other concerned authorities
loss of fetal movements
immediately clean up any inflammable products that may have spilled ( alcohol , paint , etc ) .
women and children and those belonging to any socially and educationally backward classes or the scheduled castes & tribes can be given the benefit of special laws or special provisions made by the state .
each form can be converted or changed into the other forms .
reorienting medical education to support rural health issues including regulation of medical care and medical ethics .
When we talk of the Navy , we see only war but the Indian Navy has come forward in humanitarian ventures as well .
indicative rate in rs .
Affordable medicines are now available at ‘Amrit Stores’ at Pradhan Mantri Bharatiya Jan Aushadhi Centres & at hospitals .
encouraging community participation in the maintenance and upkeep of the hospital  ;
do not give any pre-lacteal feeds
code
coach 8  : handprint
· 4th BRICS Youth Summit – 16 to 21 July (Bloemfontein , Free State)
to live a long and healthy life with diabetes , following diet and exercise are very important along with medication .
do n't walk through flowing water - currents can be deceptive , and shallow , fast moving water can knock you off your feet .
neeranchal is designed to further strengthen and provide technical assistance to the watershed component of neeranchal , in particular and all components of neeranchal , in general , to enhance its delivery capacity .
welcome screen will appear asking you to enter your bank ’ s 3 letters short name or first 4 letters of mobile pin .
68 . President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin thanked Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi for the hospitality extended and invited him to visit Russia for the 20th Annual Summit in 2019 .
the vision is centred on three key areas
collecting data from states as per guidelines and maintaining national level data base .
maintaining blood glucose levels , blood pressure , and cholesterol at or close to normal can help delay or prevent diabetes complications .
Central University of Karnataka , Gulbarga
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Hazaribagh and Ranchi in Jharkhand tomorrow on 17 February .
Speaking about the health sector , the Prime Minister said that there is need to focus attention on human resource development , infrastructure , and use of modern technology in this sector .
for the present , scheme with the investment pattern similar to that prescribed by the central government for its own employees , as amended from time to time shall be available for retirement solutions limited swavalamban .
fainting , vomiting .
generally , it is used to describe the production or consumption of crude oil by any entity .
even mentally ill prisoners and minors have a right of treatment in psychiatric hospitals or psychiatric nursing homes of the government .
transportation
personal cleanliness - daily bath , don ’ t grow long nails and wear clean clothes .
national career service brings jobseekers ,
washing hands regularly – including before handling stored clean water
crying is not a sign that the baby needs other foods or drinks .
Queen Maxima appreciated the progress achieved by these initiatives .
The Prime Minister explained how the Union Government is focused on improving ease of doing business , and ease of living for the citizens .
breast milk contains the perfect balance of nutrients for a baby , unlike infant formula , powdered milk or animal milk .
the scholarship , once awarded , may be renewed during next academic year also by the concerned state government/union territory administration unless the competent authority of the school recommends to the state government/union territory administration , to discontinue the award with reference to relevant clause of these regulations governing the scheme .
not make friends other than persons known personally .
the increase in earthquake risk is due to a spurt in developmental activities driven by urbanization , economic development and the globalization of india ’ s economy .
a confirmation screen will appear showing success response
He has laid the Foundation Stone for the Shivaji memorial just off the coast of Mumbai , in the Arabian Sea .
modified for diabetics
• Each new AIIMS will have 15-20 Super Specialty Departments .
the baby should breastfeed as often as she or he wants .
There are over 5200 large dams in India and about 450 are under construction .
Our oil companies are assessing all their investmentskeeping in view the energy diversification strategies .
maintenance per year
aadhaar is essentially a paperless online anytime-anywhere identity assigned to a resident to cover his/her entire lifetime .
dont ’ s
keep the victim lying down with head lowered and legs elevated
certification agency
truthful labelling is compulsory for notified kind of varieties .
it is the true to type nature of the seed . i .e . , the seedling / plant / tree from the seed should resemble its mother in all aspects .
Sushma Swaraj ,External Affairs Minister
• Each new AIIMS will add around 750 hospital beds .
it should have clean water available for washing hands and utensils .
the necessary changes in this area will be based on a coordinated national effort focused on clear national goals and objectives .
holding the baby in a good position makes it easier for the baby to take the breast well into the mouth and suckle .
transmission
if a woman is breastfeeding , her diet should include extra food and drink .
“ We salute the skills , strengths and fortitude of the girl child .
He added that every object associated with the National Police Memorial would inspire the citizens and educate them about the bravery of police and para military personnel .
making sure that all family members use a toilet , latrine or potty ( for young children ) is the best way to dispose of faeces .
in cases where a particular geographic area has the presence of more than one ethnic/vulnerable group , selecting more than one accredited social health activist below the specified population norm will be desirable .
application complete in all respect shall be submitted to the head of the institution being attended or last attended by the candidates and shall be addressed to an officer specified for this purpose by the government of state/union territory to which the student belong in accordance with the instructions issued by them from time to time .
Mr . Kim also recalled the recent honours received by the Prime Minister , including the UNEP Champions of the Earth Award , and the Seoul Peace Prize , and congratulated him for the same .
affordable housing in partnership with public & private sectors
germs are removed from body
but the local pig attains maturity at 5 - 6 months .
if your children 's school is in an identified inundation zone , find out what the school evacuation plan is .
If you look at the two preceding years before 2014 such as 2012-13 and 2013-14 , the average growth rate was around 6% .
The Prime Minister will attend the closing ceremony of the Narmada Mahotsav , and address the gathering at Dabhoi .
composite technologies for water harvesting
continue this washing process for at least ten minutes .
fresh fruit juices
scholarship of rs . 6000/- per annum ( rs .500/- per month ) per student is awarded to selected students every year for study in classes from ix to xii in state government , government aided and local body schools .
Prime Minister Löfven welcomed India’s recent accession to the international export control regimes , including to Australia Group (AG) , Wassenaar Arrangement (WA) ,Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) ,and The Hague Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation (HCOC) , and expressed support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Supplier Group (NSG) .
if a student violates school discipline or any other terms and conditions of the scholarship , scholarship may be suspended or even cancelled , subject to the satisfaction of the competent school authority .
phase i - 15 august 2014 - 14 august 2015
Referring to the Jal Ambulance and Jal Shav Vahini launched today , the Prime Minister said that these represent the drive for development even through water-ways .
take the patient to the doctor immediately if you 're not comfortable handling the emergency
Making Agra Tourist Friendly Smart City – Integrated Command and Control Centre for Agra Smart City To be Built
undertaking reconstruction as an opportunity to build disaster resilient structures and habitat for ensuring safer living .
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare , NITI Aayog and PMO , briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects , including the preparations in States , and development of the technological infrastructure associated with the scheme .
vitamin content in plant foods is presented for the first time in the world .
He said the Union Government is committed to empowering and developing the islands .
what are the different channels for transferring funds using bank ?
women prisoners released from jail and are without family , social and economic support  ;
since the fastag is linked to an account ,
the injury can be temporary and reversible .
It shows the remarkable dexterity of India’s outstanding scientists and the success of our space programme .
the portal also has an effective grievance redressal system .
Before initiation of sale of any Enemy Shares , the CEPI shall certify that the sale of the Enemy Shares is not in contravention of any judgment , decree or order of any court , tribunal or other authority or any law for the time being in force and can be disposed off by the Government .
fill the form and attach required document ,
penalties for offences
This seems to be the reason as to how he could develop this App which is most suited to needs of the village .
do not send children or pets out in the sun or leave them in closed vehicles .
sending application to potential employers for apprenticeship training ,
The Prime Minister said that the amount sanctioned for agriculture credit has been enhanced , to ensure easy availability of credit to farmers .
access government services ,
The Prime Minister said a new system has been developed for monitoring the quality of houses constructed under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mary Kom for winning a Gold in Women’s World Boxing Championships .
statutory fees
the child may have tuberculosis , an infection in the lungs .
balance enquiry
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will visit Surat and Dandi in Gujarat on January 30 , 2019 .
note 2  : house rent allowance received by the parents of a student shall be exempted from the computation of 'income ' if the same has been permitted to be exempted for purpose of income-tax .
The MoU was signed on 9th April 2018 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , visited Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh and launched various development projects .
ensuring access to family planning services for women and men , and to education for all children would help prevent many maternal and child deaths and disabilities , particularly in countries where marriage occurs early in life .
the scheme would be implemented in rural areas throughout india except delhi and chandigarh .
in many countries pro bono legal support has emerged as the dominant means of dispensing free representation to poor and underserved clients .
this may help to identify the poison swallowed
the main highlights are
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day .
nurturing local self-governance
This will enable the Self Help Groups to begin cashless digital transactions .
user goes to “  add/link/manage bank account  ” option and links the bank and account number with the virtual id
they will service the piped natural gas customers situated in such durgam kshetriya vitrak areas as specified by the respective durgam kshetriya vitrak .
scams that promise to transfer money into your account , but steal all your data instead .
prevent you from accessing your software .
eating a healthy breakfast decreases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes as it helps to control appetite and blood glucose concentrations in both adults and children .
the portal provides information related to this vital health aspect that is drawing attention at present .
c . Collaboration on or joint development , organization and/or conduct of training programmes on aviation safely , on topics such as safety oversight , airworthiness , flight operations , licensing , legislation and enforcement ; and / or
quality mark is a quality and food safety initiative of national dairy development board to enhance consumer confidence in cooperative and allied dairy sector .
a clean latrine attracts fewer flies .
( 1 ) after cleaning the infant or young child who has defecated ,
employer will upload the labour identification number file as proposed in labour identification number 2 .0
there will be two-stage selection process for award of scholarship .
authentication of the user and trusted method of signing .
in rural areas this can be achieved by chlorination of water and replacement of shallow wells by sanitary wells .
in a rare case where aadhaar name is completely different from name in electronic toll collection , then the linking will fail and taxpayer will be prompted to change the name in either aadhaar or in electronic toll collection database .
causes of unconsciousness
• strengthening institutional capacity at the State level through upgrading AYUSH educational institutions , State Govt , ASU&H Pharmacies ,
each scholar is required to furnish separate mobile number .
The Prime Minister appreciated the good work being done by them , and encouraged them to keep up their efforts in future as well .
especially if a woman is not eating enough .
treatment - there is no successful treatment .
submission would be voluntary
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Cuba on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine .
food is changed into glucose
eat more locally available and seasonal vegetables .
in communities without toilets or latrines , the community should consider joining together to build such facilities .
driving at a steady 45 km/hr on highways gives you the best fuel economy
I want to narrate an interesting incident to the countrymen which is connected with Lok Manya Tilak and his statue in Ahmedabad .
it is advisable to bring fibre free coir pith for composting .
supervision at post-harvest stages including processing and packing .
jeevan pramaan
if the temperature begins to rise again , repeat the cooling process
the baby should breastfeed at least eight times daily , day and night , and on demand .
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh was inaugurated by PM .
each member of the authority heads disaster-specific divisions for specific disaster and functional domains .
e-hastakshar is functioning as esign gateway provider .
exclusion
even if balance premium is 90 % , it will be borne by the government .
In their meeting today , the Prime Minister and First Lady Kim discussed the deep civilizational and spiritual links between India and Korea , and exchanged views on promoting people-to-people exchanges .
some of the common mental health problems include
in case of accident benefit claim the following additional requirements will have to be submitted along with the death registration certificate  :
infants
Guests from India and abroad ,
it can be very difficult to predict recovery when a person is a coma .
good nutrition is vital for a child 's growth and development .
the penalties for damage to computer , computer systems etc . has been fixed as damages by way of compensation not exceeding rs . 1 ,00 ,00 ,000 to affected persons .
The Indian Side welcomed the Russian Federation’s early completion of destruction of its chemical weapons’ stockpiles , which represents a significant contribution to achieving the goal of creating a world free from chemical weapons .
the exemption shall be available subject to non-distribution of dividend by the startup .
maintenance allowance
moisture maintenance
nutrients are lost to the soil .
swachh bharat mission ( gramin )
The Prime Minister pointed out that the North Koel (Mandal Dam) project has remained incomplete for nearly 47 years .
He preached that knowledge alone defeats ego .
legal documentation charges for loan documentation , if any .
Digital copies of 100 Netaji Files were released by the PM in January 2018 in public domain at National Archives of India .
one of the most powerful mind-body techniques involve combining meditation and imagery or visualization
change payee
therefore , it is important to choose an mark pump .
source  : tarang sanchar portal
thesis typing/printing charges
experts have been warning that the rising temperatures will lead to more floods , heat-waves , storms , rising sea levels and unpredictable farm yields .
light headedness
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will be visiting Wuhan , China on 27th April-28th April 2018 .
when normal maximum temperature of a station is more than 40oc heat wave departure from normal is 4oc to 5oc severe heat wave departure from normal is 6oc or more
PM also highlighted other initiatives of the Government including Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana ,Ujjawala Yojana , Rashtriya Gokul Mission .
once registration is complete on click of submit button , a permanent registration esign is generated which can be used for renewal and tracking the status of application .
a majority of them are in rural areas;
the mother-to-be should stop drinking alcohol and/or taking drugs as soon as she plans a pregnancy or suspects she is pregnant .
there after this trend of exportation of indian medical literature , along with buddhism and other indian art and sciences were continued till early 19th century .
bring the sow to full feeding in 10 days .
so far the units for inspection were selected locally without any objective criteria .
the article 1 of un declaration on the elimination of violence 1993 provides a definition of gender - based abuse , calling it `` any act of gender - based violence that results in , or is likely to result in , physical , sexual or psychological harm or suffering to women , including threats of such acts , coercion or arbitrary deprivation of liberty , whether occurring in public or in private life  ” .
source  : international diabetes federation  ; national institute of nutrition
this could be a ploy to get him to turn off his phone or put it on silent to prevent him from noticing that his connectivity has been tampered with .
after the user presses the arrow on page , it navigates to another page where he/ she has to select at least one picture option ( describing the category of harassment ) .
in addition to education and health care , girls need a nutritious diet during childhood and adolescence to reduce problems later in pregnancy and childbirth .
explain to the mother any complications she or her baby had and the treatment received and how she should continue to care for herself and her baby at home
further , there is also a provision of 10 days special casual leave in a calendar year subject to exigencies of work for the differently abled central government employees with disabilities for participating in conference/seminars/trainings/workshop related to disability and development to be specified by ministry of social justice & empowerment .
loose smut
Shri Narendra Modi said that there is a direct link between connectivity and development .
how is the oral rehydration salts drink prepared ?
if the earthquake is of large magnitude ( magnitude 8 to 9+ on the richter scale ) and located nearby , some aftershocks could be as large as magnitude 7+ and capable of generating another tsunami .
all the activities pertaining to the handling of an off-site emergency are guided and coordinated from a pre-designated emergency response centre located outside the boundary of the nuclear facility .
He will be accompanied by UP Governor Shri Ram Naik , Union Minister for Road Transport & Highways , Shipping , Water Resources , River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation Shri Nitin Gadkari and UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath .
information relating to any private body which can be accessed by a public authority under any other law for the time being in force .
it is affixed on the windscreen of your vehicle and enables you to drive through toll plazas , without stopping for cash transactions .
training and awareness campaign including low cost publications ,
babies learn rapidly from the moment of birth .
the scholarship amount would be rs . 30000 or tuition fees or actual whichever is less and rs . 2000 / month for ten months as contingency allowance .
provide enough calcium to layer .
hydrogen can also be stored on the surfaces of solids ( by adsorption ) or within solids ( by absorption ) .
all india skill competition for craftsmen among trainees admitted under craftsmen training scheme .
evacuate low line areas and shift to safer places .
These include a Government Civil Hospital at Junagadh ; 13 projects of Junagadh Municipal Corporation ; and a milk processing plant at Khokharda .
value added services - premium services , passport seva app .
if you turn off the gas for any reason , it must be turned back on by a professional .
The seminar will involve discussion on themes relevant to future development of the transport sector in Gujarat and India .
what happens if my mobile phone is lost ?
Politics or Political Power are not intrinsic to the Indian ethos ; on the contrary social values and society are .
The Prime Minister also witnessed the burning of effigies of Ravan , Kumbhakarn and Meghnad during the event .
It also proposes a common entrance exam and an exit exam which all graduates will have to clear to get practicing licenses .
all children grow and develop in similar patterns , but each child develops at her or his own pace .
deen dayal upadhyaya is applicable to the entire country .
polytechnics and other course
The Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat is not a movement of any Government or any Prime Minister , but an entire nation’s movement .
In such a case , the matter may be represented before the Committee by the FA and one Joint Secretary of that Ministry/Department .
the doctor will asses your risks and , if required , will give a course of rabies vaccinations .
you will be asked “  have you made a written complaint to the bank ?  ” .
He has banished the darkness from their lives .Who amongst us does not know the Vedic shloka ‘Tamso Ma Jyotirgamaya’!
they should also be involved in school activities .
diet  : adequate calcium and vitamin is required for healthy bones .
two major challenges involved are
comfort casualty and call for an ambulance or take him to hospital .
industry-academia partnership and incubation
elimination of breeding places
voter card .
wearing clothing that covers the arms and legs ( long sleeves and long trousers or skirts )  ; these can help reduce mosquito bites if worn when malaria mosquitoes are most active – from dusk until dawn .
The Prime Minister said that India has a long tradition of handicrafts , and Varanasi has played a key role in this regard .
if you have to provide a phone number , please provide your spouse number and also avoid entering information such as your gender , marital status , age , etc .
the role of plaques and tangles
adolescents are more likely to start smoking if
So today , more than a billion biometric identities , more than a billion bank accounts and more than a billion cell phones give India by far the biggest public infrastructure in the world .
separate rosters for group ' a ' posts and group ' 6 ' posts in the establishment shall be maintained .
in the light of the recommendations of the state government/ administration , financial means and eminence of the applicants , the quantum of assistance to be granted and the awardees under the centre-state quota may be decided by the expert committee nominated by the ministry of culture , government of india subject to the availability of funds .
frequent malarial infection can cause anaemia .
where the loss happened .
shoes or sandals should be worn near latrines to prevent worms from entering the body through the skin of the feet .
public information officer is expected to be one of the largest digital literacy programmes in the world .
Ms . Arunima Sinha , the first female Divyang to climb Mount Everest , called on the Prime Minister at New Delhi , and apprised him of her upcoming mountaineering expedition to Antarctica .
pregnancy with co-morbid conditions such as diabetes , hypothyroidism
planktonic algae sometimes appear in great abundance in the manure-loaded creating algal bloom condition especially during the summer season .
The Prime Minister assured all possible assistance to the State .
providing aids/assistive devices - should assist the persons with disabilities by providing them high tech/latest technology led assistive devices ( including low vision aids , hearing aids with battery ) , special furniture , wheel chairs ( motorised if required by the employee ) , software scanners , computer and other hardware , etc . in accordance with their requirement , which would improve their efficiency .

